debian/TODO for LedgerSMB v1.3

- The pos.conf.pl file is a configuration file for the Point Of Sale related processing:
1) Check what's changed for it in 1.3.10, as the rc2 change log notes changes for it
   related to update installs?
2) Install a copy of it as an example file.
3) Since it is a config file;  instead of installing the file directly, install
   it using postinst only if it is not already present.

- Auto-configuration of PostgreSQL and access to it by LedgerSMB using dbconfig-common.
Password for postgres superuser? For LedgerSMB admin?  Run prepare-company-database.sh
script looks to be usable but the current version looks like it needs a patch even
if it not used by the package setup, because lines 197 & 197 are being used to 
create a new ledgersmb-httpd.conf each time it runs by changing the $WORK_DIR variable
in the template file to that found by the script.  Such a variable shouldn't be 
found there because the package install creates the correct template file.  Patch it
to at least comment those lines out?

- The long description in debian/control needs to be rewritten.  (Note also that
upstream has rewritten the project description, essentially for the first time
since the writeup at the time of the fork from sql-ledger.)

- Rewrite the debian/copyright file, following DEP-5.

- Use a patch to create an updated example of the ledgersmb.conf.default file
instead of the sed line in debian/rules? Then create a copy of it as ledgersmb.conf
for installation to /etc/ledgersmb?  It is also needed for a default build, at
least in the testing phase, so this would be useful for simplifying debian/rules
as well.

- New 1.3 version of LedgerSMB contains an embedded javascript library. The embedded
version appears to be 1.8.2.  The library is available in Debian as the package
libjs-scriptaculous:  v1.8.1 in lenny (current oldstable), v1.8.3 in lenny-backports,
v1.8.3 in squeeze, v1.9.0 in wheezy. Provide a Lintian override with description of
issue, until otherwise resolved.
  From Chris Travers in the Ledger-smb-devel mailing list:
  "I don't know of any testing we have done on other versions.  We don't use a lot
   of advanced stuff so I would expect it would work.  If bugs are found, though,
   we can correct them."
Test usage of libjs-scriptaculous and change over to using that when it is found
to be operational with it.



 -- Robert James Clay <jame@rocasa.us>  Sun, 15 Jan 2012 13:24:05 -0500
