debian/TODO for LedgerSMB v1.3

- Change how the file permissions are being set for the resulting binary package;
for both corrections and for what might be required for the installed pacakge. See
also if the 'make install' option takes care of any of the changes, so it doesn't
need to be done by the packaging. (See next 2 items for related Lintian results.)

- Multiple instances of the following of the following Lintian warnings:
W: ledgersmb: script-not-executable (6)
    -> Contact upstream. Could do a chmod on those in debian/rules.
W: ledgersmb: executable-not-elf-or-script (72)
    -> Contact upstream. For now, do a chmod on those in debian/rules.

- Multiple instances of the following from Lintian. At least one is named
  "custom" so may need an override because it is meant to be that way.
  Investigate why the others are showing as empty.
I: ledgersmb: package-contains-empty-directory (9)

- Autoconfiguration of PostgreSQL and access to it by LedgerSMB using dbconfig-common.
Password for postgres superuser? For LedgerSMB admin?  Run prepare-company-database.sh
script?

- Any post install processing for Apache2 should include "a2enmod rewrite" at some
point to ensure that module is enabled, and a restart as well because of the newly
installed /ledgersmb-httpd.conf.  (wwwconfig-common ?)  And verify that any apache
or other httpd specific commands are verified as installed before attepting to use
them.

- Investigate using the LedgerSMB 'make install' instead of using dh_install for
all of the file installation setup.

- Investigate updating the debian packaging to use debhelper compatibility level 8
and using 'dh' to simplify debian/rules.

- It was announced back in Sept 2010 that LSMB v1.2 works with Postgresql v9,
which is now available in Debian Testing (wheezy).   After testing that version
with LSMB, add v9.0 to the possible Postgresql versions in debian/control. There 
are different needs for the v8 & v9 Postgresql.  Or, instead of depending on the
versioned postgresql packages, just depend on postgresql;  since which version(s)
of postgresql might be installed is up to the system administrator, any database
related differences for LedgerSMB would need to be taken care of and/or at least
referenced in the debian packaging in any case, so it would be better to just
depend on postgresql which will get whichever is the current default version.

- New 1.3 version of LedgerSMB contains an embedded javascript library. The embedded
version appears to be 1.8.2.  The library is available in Debian as the package
libjs-scriptaculous:  v1.8.1 in lenny (current oldstable), v1.8.3 in lenny-backports,
v1.8.3 in squeeze, v1.9.0 in wheezy. Provide a Lintian override with description of
issue, until otherwise resolved.
  From Chris Travers in the Ledger-smb-devel mailing list:
  "I don't know of any testing we have done on other versions.  We don't use a lot
   of advanced stuff so I would expect it would work.  If bugs are found, though,
   we can correct them."
Test usage of libjs-scriptaculous and change over to using that when it is found
to be operational with it.

- As neccessary, add any other docs that could be registered to doc-base files.

- Rewrite the debian/copyright file, following DEP-5.

- Use a patch to create an updated example of the ledgersmb.conf.default file
instead of the sed line in debian/rules? Then create a copy of it as ledgersmb.conf
for installation to /etc/ledgersmb?



 -- Robert James Clay <jame@rocasa.us>  Sat, 24 Dec 2011 13:17:21 -0500
