debian/TODO for LedgerSMB v1.3


- Thought this had been fixed but it is still coming up:
W: ledgersmb source: syntax-error-in-dep5-copyright line 65: Continuation line
 outside a paragraph.

- Auto-configuration of PostgreSQL and access to it by LedgerSMB using dbconfig-common.
Password for postgres superuser? For LedgerSMB admin?  Run prepare-company-database.sh
script looks to be usable but the current version looks like it needs a patch even
if it not used by the package setup, because lines 197 & 197 are being used to 
create a new ledgersmb-httpd.conf each time it runs by changing the $WORK_DIR variable
in the template file to that found by the script.  Such a variable shouldn't be 
found there because the package install creates the correct template file.  Patch it
to at least comment those lines out?

- The LedgerSMB-manual.pdf is currently being installed as LedgerSMB-manual.pdf.gz
to /usr/share/doc/ledgersmb/ but the manual directory from which that is apparantly
created (doc/manual) is also being installed.  Is that manual dir even needed? Esp
if possible target files are created?  Including html?
- Note also that the pdf file appears to be in the distribution;  upstream confirmed
that pdflatex is used to generate the pdf file.


- If the tools/prepare-company-database.sh script is to be usable on the Debian
installation, it will need to be patched. For instance:  Lines 199 and 200 (as
of 1.3.12) are used in the script to create ledgersmb-httpd.conf from the
ledgersmb-httpd.conf.template apparantly each time it runs. Current Debian
install does not have either the template file or the working file in the place
it expects and in any case the debian package install takes care of those.

- The templates directory had been getting installed to /etc/ledgersmb/templates.
Should that be /var/lib/ledgersmb/templates instead?

- Use a patch to create an updated example of the ledgersmb.conf.default file
instead of the sed line in debian/rules? Then create a copy of it as ledgersmb.conf
for installation to /etc/ledgersmb?  It is also needed for a default build, at
least in the testing phase, so this would be useful for simplifying debian/rules
as well.

- New 1.3 version of LedgerSMB contains an embedded javascript library. The embedded
version appears to be 1.8.2.  The library is available in Debian as the package
libjs-scriptaculous:  v1.8.1 in lenny (current oldstable), v1.8.3 in lenny-backports,
v1.8.3 in squeeze, v1.9.0 in wheezy. Provide a Lintian override with description of
issue, until otherwise resolved.
  From Chris Travers in the Ledger-smb-devel mailing list:
  "I don't know of any testing we have done on other versions.  We don't use a lot
   of advanced stuff so I would expect it would work.  If bugs are found, though,
   we can correct them."
Test usage of libjs-scriptaculous and change over to using that when it is found
to be operational with it.



 -- Robert James Clay <jame@rocasa.us>  Tue, 14 Mar 2012 12:30:22 -0500
